Magalie Marcellus: Character in Los Angeles may soon be filled with people living under
Now inside
Magalie Marcellus: Gonna I'm gonna be doing your assessment and this may take about 45 minutes. Okay.
Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I hope my I drove over to my mom's to get some live by. So I hope it takes on a new device here.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so
Magalie Marcellus: cooperates
Magalie Marcellus: get most of the information is going to be a little bit of a history and the reason you're I you get in services at BRIGHT HIGH. Everything is confidential unless there's any concern for your safety or safety or somebody else. Okay. When did you start with right
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And it was like dress. Second of March.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you just started
Magalie Marcellus: So yeah, in any group thinking like that he had car.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I've been in a couple of groups.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I attended one on Thursday. Thursday. And then I got switched to a Tuesday. And I think they switched my doctor also
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you are not daytime group.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I am in yet Tuesdays.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And I forget what time it was, every had my Thursdays down but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Tuesday's yeah i think it's 11 I just got a third shift job. So every
Magalie Marcellus: Kindness, fine.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Just wanted to make sure whether your audio sign and you feel been to a group. Okay, so I'm just to get started. So what brought you to this program.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Actually, a friend of mine had said something about an online program.
So,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Instead of I've been through a couple programs here in Ohio.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Since my drug use.
Magalie Marcellus: So, and how long you been in the other programs.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Oh, I was in, I was in the other programs for
Galaxy Tab A (2017): One was for a year, I've been in the in the program since
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I would say to
Galaxy Tab A (2017): 2000
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Well,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): 2012 13
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So I've been in a program
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so which one was the last one, which was the name of the
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Place was humid up. I can't even spell that for you.
Magalie Marcellus: Was at a clinic.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, it was a clinic that it was a place that you went to you had groups.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): One on one sessions.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): They pretty much, let me go because of my ensure
Magalie Marcellus: I see. And what's the deal was that in
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Man failed, Ohio.
Magalie Marcellus: Women's feel
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And that was a face to face. You are going into the actual
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, and I, they were doing too well I was looking for them to close up. So I figured it's best. I guess I could have fought and got back in, but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Let me go for a reason. I mean I had been staying clean so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Maybe they thought it
Magalie Marcellus: Might have been for you weren't being discharged because of non compliance or anything like that.
Magalie Marcellus: No, it was mostly from insurance.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes, absolutely. I wasn't. I've never been in trouble or anything like that. So,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You know, and everybody that they had a lot of them had been in trouble or
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Was going through the system and stuff like I kind of felt like I was, you know, I don't know, maybe, maybe they didn't really want me hit no on that one, though.
Magalie Marcellus: And I'm
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Doing very well, why was there.
Magalie Marcellus: So to get started with the program. So what was the drugs or what's the actual substance use.
Magalie Marcellus: And when
Magalie Marcellus: I started
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I, the thing that got me started was
Galaxy Tab A (2017): When I got married in Percocet.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That's what got started, I started taking Percocet and I got up to like
Galaxy Tab A (2017): About 10 perk 30 a day.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And as that got a little costly.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I just lead into other cheap cheaper drugs.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Heroin
Magalie Marcellus: So the percocet wasn't being prescribed for a reason, or you just gotta handle that.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm actually my husband. They were prescribed to my husband.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And I was drinking at the time and working at the hospital so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Instead of having this big hangover. I took one of his Percocet and that's what got me started. It took all the pain away and I was working for jobs at the time and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): They will do everything. Keep everything on you know
Magalie Marcellus: Taking it so you can function.
Magalie Marcellus: With your work and everything else.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
I was
Working a lot
Magalie Marcellus: And that was about what you when you started
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That was 2009 when I got married.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So,
Magalie Marcellus: Right after you got married. Oh, was it
Magalie Marcellus: Was nothing else going on.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, I wouldn't take a pill. When I first got married so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I guess 2012 is when I finally gave in and said, Yeah, I'll take one of those give me
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, I'm a little bit confused. You want to get a little bit of the timeline. So you started taking them in 2012 or 2009
Magalie Marcellus: Oh 2012 off because you say you started out as a program from 2012 So was it like a short time that you were using, and then went into a program or were you using for a little bit before you got into
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My program that program that there was a couple, but they're different you when you know this one that I just went to that one was seeing people appear. We have pay doctors, you pay to go get 'em.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You pretty much paid money.
Magalie Marcellus: Goes into prescription time
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And they did a fast group session in there and then they let you go.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Hmm. In an hour a month and they give you a script for an hour that I would
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I wasn't doing good on that.
Magalie Marcellus: So the script was what, what kind of medication, where you been
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I was when I first started, they put me on the orange pills Suboxone okay
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And then I shortly had rushed to the emergency room that they had over here.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): As my lip my ice. I don't know what it was, but my lips swelled up and my something in my throat started swelling up
Magalie Marcellus: So we're having a reaction to the pill or something else.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, that's, that's, I'm supposed to wear a bracelet.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Okay and I'm so I'm just, that's what made me scared of taking pills.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Mm hmm. That right there kind of scared me. But I've been on this.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Beautiful more fan or whatever it is you have SEBI tech
Galaxy Tab A (2017): On that for the most
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Part and they diagnosed me with cancer and they've just pretty much kept me on that.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): kind of scared to take anything else because that happens. I mean I had like three seconds and to die. And that was so scary. So
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I will
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I won't take anything that ends in Clarkston. That's the loxton
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Cipro flaxen it's an ANA by anything that ends and flocks and I refused to take
Magalie Marcellus: Because the battle reaction to those things.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, it was really scary. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Okay, so what was the reason your husband was prescribed the purpose of why was
Galaxy Tab A (2017): This disease.
Magalie Marcellus: Which one
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Grows disease.
Magalie Marcellus: Crohn's. Okay, gotcha.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, and he's
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Gotten he got really bad for a while.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Really bad
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So he has sudden death syndrome. Now, so they diagnosed him he wears a heart. He can't lift any more than 10 pounds and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So he's really restricted. He's not prescribed him anymore though.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you'll have access to those things you
Know,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And to be honest with you, since I have been on the pill that they give me
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I have
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No desire.
Magalie Marcellus: To know craving.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, good. So I don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you mentioned the
Magalie Marcellus: The heroin. Any other drugs that you took to help you cope with when you were having any withdrawal symptoms in tonight that
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I haven't
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I haven't had any. The only time I relapsed was when these people kicked me out and I just came to you guys in that mind frame it was, um,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I got kicked out away from them in November.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): In November, they kicked me out and they wasn't going to give me my last script. And that scares me.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): given it to me and I thought I could
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Do it myself, and wean myself off of it.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And I ended up having to go to an emergency walking, because I couldn't do it.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so when did they give you a fun time agency working
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She, she tried to right away hooked me up with the same groups of
Another girl.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She was a actually a doctor. She's my nurse now or my doctor now.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She also prescribed the
Magalie Marcellus: Use of
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Some. Yes. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Thomas on those sentences you had when you are going through withdrawals.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm real sluggish. Um, I don't want to do nothing.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I just want to lay in bed.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And they said it was supposed to be like flu like symptoms, but I mean I just felt like I didn't want to do anything.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I
Magalie Marcellus: Haven't any chance any
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Like, oh yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): For sure.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And a fever. Yeah, you get a fever.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): But I mean, as far as stuffy nose and sore throat. No, no.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I didn't get that. But I was just real sluggish and hats and cold was the worst.
Magalie Marcellus: And the heaviest how much way using was it one with the 10
Magalie Marcellus: Was that 10 pounds or 10 milligram me
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah 10 pills. No, they were 30 milligram pills.
Magalie Marcellus: 1030 milligram
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How much did that cost you about
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That's it. That's why I say got a little bit expensive. I was working for jobs. And at this point, my husband was
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You know, laying on the bed, not doing so good but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Not unless I went out and bought him pills to
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm not with him so
Magalie Marcellus: Are you guys separated
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Oh yes, we've been separated
Magalie Marcellus: I didn't know
Galaxy Tab A (2017): We've been separated probably since 2012 2013
Magalie Marcellus: Is when I moved on, while you're married.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): We're still legally married
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so we'll do it together. For how long before you guys separated
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And we got married in oh nine. So I would only say we were only together for a couple years.
Magalie Marcellus: And children.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, not together, but I do
Magalie Marcellus: Have a child account will come to the children.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um, did you try to
Magalie Marcellus: On your own to kind of get clean. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, is it also the program. We use a sex successful at any point
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I was
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I was when I did it tried it in 2013 I tried to get off of
Galaxy Tab A (2017): The pills and I left Ohio and went to Tennessee and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She the lady that was taking care of me was a really nice lady, but she was scared. I think I'm gonna have to have inpatient
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Treatment as it's gonna have to last longer than a week or two, because it takes longer than a week or two.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you mean well the impatience to do what
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I want to get off this pill.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, I want to get on with sex.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, yeah. I want to get off of off of the mouth gather you know
Magalie Marcellus: They do discuss that. Did you meet you met with the, you know, doctor, nurse practitioner from our agency.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah program.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I know. I got to talk to Natalie Austin on what
Galaxy Tab A (2017): But I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Shannon with her and see what was your option.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I told her that I wanted to, you know, I want to get off of this. I've been on this for too long. It's time to get off, not just not just savvy tech just, I don't want to be on anything.
Magalie Marcellus: Broken
Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I mean, I shouldn't have to take a pill. I mean,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I shouldn't have to take a pill to make me feel good. Every day I should already been done with it.
Magalie Marcellus: Why, sometimes it takes a while for, you know, for some people to get it all out of the system. And again, some people need that medical assistance for
Magalie Marcellus: A long time and I don't know if it's ever go away, but it takes a lot of work to, you know, to be done with any type of medical assistance, especially if you were having difficulty or the type of substance that you use or and also if you have other medical condition, all those things.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I have.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): thyroid disease and I have cancer. So
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so that
Magalie Marcellus: Is going to be, you know, Shaolin era and see what works best, and also to see in a whether you can really
Magalie Marcellus: Maintain without those who suffer from drug regiments.
Magalie Marcellus: But it's something to definitely to have as a goal bed, it's gonna have to take a step at a time because they don't wanna get back to relapse, were you studying all
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, at the time when you were using did. Were you satisfied with your life or how things were going
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I was satisfied with things. But if I didn't have those pills is perk 30 when I was using or something to make me through the day. Then it was the worst day ever.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It was like those four jobs that I had, I could not maintain those for job today. I don't think I
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Could do it. I've gotten
Galaxy Tab A (2017): A lot older, of course, but
Magalie Marcellus: So mentioned this just so what kind of job. Will you doing at the time.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I bar tended I had a full time full time job at the hospital and I'm
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Doing
Magalie Marcellus: I read the hospital.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Emergency room.
Magalie Marcellus: And good registration registration.
Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I am
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Fired from there.
Magalie Marcellus: Wasn't related to the substance abuse.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes, that was related to drinking
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It was, it was actually a
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Clock in issue, but they had
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Alcohol on
Magalie Marcellus: And you say you were doing not working out doing bartending what a job. What are you doing,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I was driving for a
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I would go pick up cars for a car lot
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I would drive
Galaxy Tab A (2017): To Toledo and pick up cars from an auction.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): For
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Which is a that was a big job.
Magalie Marcellus: Was a long distance travel
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you do by yourself or with a global
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I wouldn't do with probably like three to four people, we would drive up in one vehicle and then we would all drive back
Magalie Marcellus: In the vehicle, the different ones.
Magalie Marcellus: So again will be driving that distance on your own.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, by yourself and you know that car was going to break down.
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz you picking up a car that's not a brand new class of who
Magalie Marcellus: Work on that issue, they would have
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, so
Magalie Marcellus: So are you currently working
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I am yeah i just i just i was working for FedEx
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And yeah, I was working for FX I worked there for a couple years, and they just they let me go, um,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): They let me go, cuz the doctor took me off.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Said that I landed type two diabetes and that's when I went in and was off these savvy tech and was feeling really bad. And so she took me off work for four days and I had called my boss and told him. Ask them if it was okay. He said, yeah, you need to take care of your health.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It was four days and I went back to work. And he said, I tried to fight for you and
Magalie Marcellus: They wouldn't let me
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes, so
Magalie Marcellus: Even with doctors
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Guess. Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): doctors. Doctors excuse saying that I had type two diabetes.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Mental health
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So he said, I couldn't fight for you, but I tried
Magalie Marcellus: That's unfortunately. How long ago was that
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That was a February 3
Magalie Marcellus: This year,
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, this just happened. I'm sorry.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It's just happened. I mean, I was like one of my favorite jobs so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Everybody told me, I'm supposed to fight it. I should fight it for unemployment, but it was just a part time job you worked six days a week, right, three hours a day.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): They are FedEx hub couldn't hire in full time, but he just gave me I'm certifications to to gold certification so reckon recognizing me and then then they fire me
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's somebody big transferring so should, if you have a doctor's note.
Magalie Marcellus: That changes have some time so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): We're at that at will state, they don't they don't take doctors and
Magalie Marcellus: In some cases,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so usually find another job.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I just had one this week.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And it's just you didn't fire stuff. I'm going to factory. That's about 20 miles away and cleaning all the door knob.
Magalie Marcellus: And all the ball because it was going on right now when I was
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, sure. Okay, so it's like a temporary thing.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So about that.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Now it's kind of scary but it all at the same time, I mean,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm there for them, you know, like I told them hey I'm only a temporary person. I'm here to help you guys every button, you're
Magalie Marcellus: Safe. Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So i mean it's it's thick, be thankful that your company has hired
Magalie Marcellus: Relate to for extra precaution and such.
Magalie Marcellus: Is true, yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So, and they're like, where I live at now he just got laid off because they took the hand sanitizer, and took all that stuff away you know companies would be staying aboard if they could actually follow what they're what we're supposed to be doing, you know,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Away certain
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Certain amount of people in a
Magalie Marcellus: Break the scripts and stuff like this show.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, in Hand Sanitizing everything or yes
Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Channel and making sure everything is this correct wipe down clean and slow.
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So who do you live with right now.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): However, a guy that I've been seeing for three years.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you say I could have been seen for three years. So, that doesn't sound.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, he's it easy. During her
Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Which I'm against tonight. I mean, I started off drinking, but I don't drink.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that a trigger for you.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Know it makes me mad because it's somebody that I got to take care of, because he's drunk.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And I shouldn't say that. I know we're not supposed to judge, but
Magalie Marcellus: My he does, he realized that he has a problem.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Oh no, he does not have a problem because he can stop whenever he wants to
Magalie Marcellus: So it's not like he's looking for treatment, and I
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Know he looking for treatment. Does he need it. Yeah. But will he admitted know
Magalie Marcellus: How has that affected you guys relationship.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It affects it a lot because he calls me a drug head because I have to have this pill.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You know, to
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Make the film normal and
Magalie Marcellus: And his was, what is he doing without drinking
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Exactly. Well, he doesn't say that nothing. He smokes weed any drinks beer. So those are things that he says he can quit, but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It causes my main goal is to get a full time job because I've been working part time
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Is to get a full time job.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And go with you guys. Until I can get out on my own.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Kind of a temporary
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Thing since I he's changed since I've moved in with them.
Magalie Marcellus: Going to show
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So my I did live on my own. And that was my first mistake. I should have just stayed
Magalie Marcellus: At something you hope and I guess though the ship gonna
Magalie Marcellus: Be better and you guys try to work as one unit. But it doesn't always work out sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so, so who's your support person because he met
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My mom is mainly my support person and she's in Florida right now.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm saying her driveway.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Using her Wi Fi right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, she's traveling in Florida.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes, she they go to Florida time
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay. So she'll be back since the spring. Oh.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, she'll be back. She already came back once and find out, she may have cancer in her throat
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Back to Florida to find out, everything's okay which I do need to contact her and let her know that I got her message but ok
Magalie Marcellus: Any other medical condition that you dealt with an apostle kindly. You mentioned the thyroid anything else and you say cancer. Tell me about that.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I have a Varian cancer. Um, it was, I had to go get a hysterectomy.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Well, that reminds me. I have
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm supposed to have an appointment with them on the 24
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And I need to make transplant. I guess you can take me there now but I have to I canceled it the last time due to a job.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Make sure you have apple
Magalie Marcellus: Is that for follow up appointment.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It's to get checked up to make sure that my cancer is going in. It has that spread
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you had treatments Oban can sign on.
Magalie Marcellus: It was either he said to
Magalie Marcellus: Me was that the treatment.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That was pretty much the treatment was good. The
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Historic yeah get hysterectomy, they left me my ovaries, which I don't know why because I'm old enough to where I don't need them. And that's just something that the cancer can grab on to. But
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Kind of cancer. I had a for Tommy It's like gas and once it hits a certain female Oregon, it can just
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You can, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: One. Did they had a treatment. Oh ones injury into his hysterectomy.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): May 30 of last year.
Magalie Marcellus: Last year,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So it was just
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, it's just been
Magalie Marcellus: Not even eight years later.
Magalie Marcellus: Who going and getting close to you.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. And, and, but are you, how you feeling overall since then.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I mean, I feel okay I didn't. It's only way i found out is because going and doing my drug tests.
Magalie Marcellus: Not being able to
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Go to the bathroom.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I see. Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That's how I found out
Magalie Marcellus: So you have in pain. I'm going to bathroom football movement.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes. No.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I don't have no no bowel movements that much at all. But just to go to the just to go pee. I can't IP probably three times a day. If that
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It's
Magalie Marcellus: Down to them to check
Uh huh.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Okay.
Any other surgeries.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): 2007 I had a to hole I did side.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything else
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Any mental health history where you diagnose winning depression, anxiety,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, to see what you When were you diagnosed with
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Anxiety, I was going. I've been going to the center. Since I was 10 years old.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that the name of the place. Awesome. Oh.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You see the center
Magalie Marcellus: This is a mental health facility.
Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm
Doing since
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I'm currently not
Magalie Marcellus: And on and off.
Oh no, I'm not.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well you've been going there for a long period of time on a laugh. Will you ever hospitalized because of a breakdown or we call Bakelite but in a hospital because of an image of reason.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any suicidal ideation or suicidal ideation or time. So in the in the in the past.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, you had, I've had it in my head. But no, I've never attempted it. No.
Magalie Marcellus: One was an SME had those thoughts.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It was probably just recently all this stuff going on. You know, it's just, it's not like it's going to happen. It's not like I'm going to take a gun and shoot myself no reggae
Magalie Marcellus: While we thought, I know you say a lot was going on. Recently, so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, with this.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you have a plan.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, no plan just
Galaxy Tab A (2017): How much better life would be if I could.
Magalie Marcellus: But what's stopping you from doing anything.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I just stay in depression, my, my doctor put me on
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Depression pills and all I did was cry so I'm like, You gotta take me off these things.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I don't need any help.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): crying because I can do that on my own.
Magalie Marcellus: So what it shows is taken now.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And then once I don't this new doctor has beyond my course my thyroid pill.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm getting ready for
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Work for all that she has me doing blood work for a lot of things, but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm
Magalie Marcellus: So, so which meds for the mental health condition.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm on cloud pin.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Die as a Pam, or whatever it is.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I just got that script. Yeah, cool as a PM.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): One milligram
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Twice a day.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Along with my cholesterol. Yeah, that's it for mental health.
Magalie Marcellus: From the top. Okay, gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: I won't be with your family history who ways, you know,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My mom.
Magalie Marcellus: My dad.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My father passed away in 2000
Magalie Marcellus: Was with was around when you were going on.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes. Yes, I was. Daddy's girl.
Magalie Marcellus: Was in the household.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, no, my parents divorced when I was three.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): But it didn't stop him from coming over here.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): After my mom. Yeah. My mom got remarried, but my dad still came over and picked me up anytime he wanted to
Magalie Marcellus: So you had a good relationship with your dad.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, he was all he was an alcoholic.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): But yeah, I had a good relationship. Up until the end.
Magalie Marcellus: So you mentioned, with that being an alcoholic any mental have with your dad.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): He never went to the doctor.
Magalie Marcellus: For anything for
Magalie Marcellus: Anything. Oh.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's we do you know what what high pass away.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah sure rushes to deliver of
Magalie Marcellus: I was never treated
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Nope, never treated. Not until they found out, and then he had to go to Cleveland to get his stomach pumped.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Once a month.
Magalie Marcellus: You wouldn't stop drinking
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And your mom.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My mom. She just has anxiety.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): As far as know how she's
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Um, she used to drink, but she quit drinking, kind of like me.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That alert. We had an allergic reaction. Both of us did to an alcohol and our face kept getting red every time we drink so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Let's just sense even doing this, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: I would do it.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Western the relationship all has a relationship with your mom.
It's
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Okay. When I was in drug use. I stole from my parents.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So that was when I was in, you know,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): When I was using
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Mm hmm. And so getting that relationship back with her and my stepfather was very hard.
Magalie Marcellus: With you. Yeah. So we built that relationship.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes, absolutely. I mean, like right now. You know, why can't I be in their house. I'm sitting outside of their house. He's in the Wi Fi.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: So, and your stepfather. He's I'm in Ohio. No.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, he's in Florida with her.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Here, my mom, pretty much.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That's all.
Magalie Marcellus: So he so you say your passive voice at a story. So he's been there since you've been little
Galaxy Tab A (2017): He's been
Galaxy Tab A (2017): A mom can
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. He's been with me since
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Then, so I still calm and by his first name, but he doesn't have a big relationship with his own kids but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): He sees me more than does them.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you guys have a relationship.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): We have a better relationship than he does with his own kids.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Because he's put up with my teenage years, you know, and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I guess.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: And his substance abuse with them or mental health when you're in a household
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Where he's the alcoholic.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So he drinks, he's put it down. He's that drinkin and then you know in Florida, he'll start drinking, then I'll come home and he won't drink. And so it's kind of an on and off thing with him.
Magalie Marcellus: And how many sentences you have
Galaxy Tab A (2017): We just found out a couple years ago I had a sister, and that my mom gave up at birth in
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She ended up finding my mom which that was really cool.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and all the system.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, a couple years older than me.
Magalie Marcellus: And was a sister.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She is she's awesome. She
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Um, I grew up with two brothers. And so I had she had been there have been a lot different. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Imagine
Magalie Marcellus: So you have two brothers.
Magalie Marcellus: Wait now.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I have two brothers and a sister that are blood
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you have two brothers, Tommy, there is the brothers.
And
Galaxy Tab A (2017): They're like they're older than me, but they're maybe one year apart or two years apart. I'm not sure really
Approximately
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Talk to them.
Magalie Marcellus: in their 50s.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, they're in their 50s.
Magalie Marcellus: And you said, so you only have that service or that you find out about what do you have another sister that you're
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I have
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I have a step sister.
Magalie Marcellus: Sister. Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She again.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And with me.
Magalie Marcellus: Is she younger or older than you.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): She's older
Magalie Marcellus: So you're the. You're the youngest
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, me youngest
Magalie Marcellus: Has a relationship with those success.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): We don't really talk much, but it's something that it's probably my issue because I need to reach out to them just like my son. I don't I don't reach out to nobody. Because I just kind of stayed in myself.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It's more of a money issue to try to drive or get the gas to drive there and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I just kind of, you know, depend on this job so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): The gas money I have I have fun in this big thing that I drive just to make it to work. That's the most important thing to me is to make it to work.
Magalie Marcellus: Hmm. So, how old is your son.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): He is 27
Magalie Marcellus: It was like the only child.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. What's his first name.
Chase.
Magalie Marcellus: It and does it even alive. Oh.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, he lives in Ashland, Ohio.
Magalie Marcellus: Some what happened.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, it could be united.
Magalie Marcellus: With not too me too. So was there any
Magalie Marcellus: Issues with your relationship with them prior to me getting into adulthood.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Hey yeah I had him for a while and then me being a single mom, his dad fought for custody and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And I only wanted him to go to one school. And that was the Ashland school so you know I kindly gave his dad a custody and because he was married and had been married for years. And so when my son was 15 I let his dad have him. He
Magalie Marcellus: Went to stay with that. Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, his. He needed some
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Manly. You know, you needed that that
Galaxy Tab A (2017): A father figure sweaty needed
Magalie Marcellus: And how's he doing overall your son.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): He is drinking
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And he drinks a lot. That's why I don't go around because he's argumentative he argues with me a lot. He knows everything. And I just would rather not argue with him. He has six kids.
Magalie Marcellus: He does so you Grandma.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, I have you seen any of the kids.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, I see them with my mom. My mom will go visit when she because he was married and so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'll go with
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My mom and Sam.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, so. But those kids with the same person. Oh, with different
Galaxy Tab A (2017): He has actually he's got. Yeah, three different
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It was married and had a set of twins.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay, well that piece.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully you know that you guys can maintain that relationship. But he needs to make sure that he retired as well.
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And how would you describe your towel.
Magalie Marcellus: Over all
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My childhood.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): What I remember of it. It was okay. I mean, my mom, I went to 16 different schools.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Why, because my mom kept moving
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, how did you do in school with all that
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Time to get it on score.
Magalie Marcellus: Half. How did you get in school.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Oh, I graduated
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You didn't. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: In college, you know,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): College. I don't think I could do it. I couldn't wait to get out of school.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, a
Magalie Marcellus: Good thing that you graduated with all that
Magalie Marcellus: Right where you're ever in any like special lining or special education.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, they didn't have that when I was in school.
Magalie Marcellus: Was any learning difficulties.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): But yeah, learning disabilities comprehending yeah comprehension was one of them. I
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I still my son had some he was in special, special classes.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I had him in one school in one school and Lisa
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And who are your friends now.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I don't have any friends. I just kind of state my mom.
Magalie Marcellus: And my mom on the guy. Oh, what about work friends or colleagues from other
Magalie Marcellus: Day, sir.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I just started in the past, but some people
Magalie Marcellus: People keep friends from previous jobs, you know, so none of that work for you.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Know, because I always worked by myself at FedEx
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And the guy, the guy that I live with. He's like, does
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It is bad to say, but he doesn't like me to do anything. And it's better not to because that way you don't get in an argument.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You know,
Magalie Marcellus: What do you guys do anything together.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Um, no, because we have nothing in common.
Magalie Marcellus: But you guys been together for about three years. You said
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So how do you guys maintain death with three is
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It was better when I was staying at my house. And he was saying his house.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, how long you guys been living in the same house.
Magalie Marcellus: Year. Okay, so that policy as and without you.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Know,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): This
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Past year has been
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It's been I'd say the the workers but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So where's the did you move because of financial difficulties.
Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, any history of abuse or neglect as a child.
Magalie Marcellus: Any sexual abuse or sexual assault.
Now,
Magalie Marcellus: And you say you only have one child. Correct.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And what are your hobbies or do you like to do. I know you say you don't do much, but what do you like to do that give you
Magalie Marcellus: Color. Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I like the color.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you paint or you do those I'm color.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm going to
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Add those color books because there's so many and the markers are
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I got a big collection of pins that and I got a bunch of coloring books.
Magalie Marcellus: Nice. Yeah. That helps with anxiety.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And play games on the phone with that elevator music that kind of calms you down to
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I was noticing that at the doctors, when I was getting mad.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Be there so long.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Game, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What's the name of the game.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It was, it's just find it's like find similar things or whatever in the picture.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Doesn't match.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Mm hmm. Just a simple little game like that or find a word you know
Magalie Marcellus: Just to get your mind off what's
Magalie Marcellus: Going on. I thought
Magalie Marcellus: I
Magalie Marcellus: Could
Magalie Marcellus: Do you do any meditation.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you mentioned, um,
Magalie Marcellus: So the drink of Musa unity, you'd only be jack because you have reaction and things like that. Yeah, any smoking.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah I smoke.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): How much about a pack a day.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that the has to view so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Two packs a day.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So you went down from Tupac
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good. Any, any
Magalie Marcellus: Thought of
Magalie Marcellus: Decreasing your usage or anything like that.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I have I have reduced the usage of smoking cigarettes. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any plans to come back like even more.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I have just gotten bigger
I way more now.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay. Are you saying isn't because I'm coming back. Oh.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, I think so.
Magalie Marcellus: Could it be occasion.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I yeah I mean it has to do with
Galaxy Tab A (2017): This sub Suboxone or whatever that I'm taking I think that puts wait on people to
Come
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Because it gets your appetite going. I mean,
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I think if you don't have it. You know, I don't eat.
Magalie Marcellus: I see.
Magalie Marcellus: So many then everybody's reaction is different little spin
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah definitely something to monitor see
Magalie Marcellus: And you say there's no other medical condition any PTSD.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I don't know.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That's just
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I thought so. But isn't that that's just when you come out of the Army or something, right.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not anytime anyone expense in a traumatic event. It could be a violent crime, it can be being abused. It could be different things that would trigger some episodes and they'll call it post traumatic stress.
Magalie Marcellus: Disorders. Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I mean, I've been diagnosed with nothing like that.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and any legal issues in the past or current
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Know, that's one thing I haven't had is legal issues.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good. I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: Any issues with traffic with license and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: The able to drive with no issue.
Magalie Marcellus: Yep, good, good for you.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I got a speeding ticket.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): made me mad. But yeah, I had a clean, clean bill of health there with my with my license and
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Up until a FedEx just couple months ago. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, did you have to do a class or
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I just paid a fine. I didn't
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I didn't have to go to court or nothing. I just had to pay $125
Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Not what's your arm, your main goal right now. I know you mentioned trying to get off the although the sun be text and that all together so
Magalie Marcellus: What else is like like though right now the short term goals that you need to figure out
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I need to get a better job and get away from this guy and get my own place.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That's
Galaxy Tab A (2017): My goal.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I need to spend time spend more time with my grandkids.
Magalie Marcellus: Not if you will, is the
Magalie Marcellus: Fun open to you having a relationship with the grandkids, or is it you
Magalie Marcellus: I'm communicating with their mother to be able to have that kind of
Galaxy Tab A (2017): We weren't
Galaxy Tab A (2017): He doesn't he doesn't care because right now. I don't think he has a relationship with the three kids that he had with the first wife, so he's gotten one of the kids with him.
Magalie Marcellus: He does.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah, one child lives with him that he had with this recent girl.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): But the main the three main ones. The first one, the
Magalie Marcellus: older ones.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): The twin and and a boy was with his first wife.
Magalie Marcellus: And how those kids.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm like, five, six.
Magalie Marcellus: There's some little okay
Galaxy Tab A (2017): His oldest is
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I think seven
Magalie Marcellus: With the twins, the orders.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That no, um, he has a boy. THAT'S THE OLDEST IS SEVEN.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And then there's been came along.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Then there's twins. Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): That were born.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): 2013
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Mm hmm. And they had another boy that was 2014
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And then Blake.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): So I guess it's just five
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Five grandkids.
Magalie Marcellus: So it's three boys and two girls.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes, three boys and two girls.
Magalie Marcellus: He
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And I have to have this wrote down
Magalie Marcellus: Where I
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I would not remember it.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And also you following up with your medical care, making sure that with
Magalie Marcellus: The cancer treatment. Everything is
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, good.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Um, anything else.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, I think that's about it. Me.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I'm going to go to work here. I know I have to do some surveys and stuff for you guys. I didn't realize
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yes. And that one. I still need to get guidance with that, to see what how we get that done. But yes, but either medical clinic may be able to assist and make someone we do make me have more information.
Magalie Marcellus: With the songs
Yeah.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): On the weekend. I think this weekend. I'll start. I'll come over here and do the some of the surveys that they said to me because I didn't know you had to do a
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Survey every
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Time you went into a group
Magalie Marcellus: The cool okay I'm gonna fuck yes I know supposedly I wasn't sure the frequency, but definitely there are surveys and it will be done. Um, okay. Well, in the meantime, you say you work the venture
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I mean I days like now.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): I believe it's either Sunday to Thursday or I started, I just only started three days ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay and this one. What time to work on your work.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It's only from 10 at night until two in the morning.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, this is my bag eight hours.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No, what's that eight hours, but
Galaxy Tab A (2017): It's almost not worth driving all the way down there for
Magalie Marcellus: This you just say 20 miles out only takes you to drive there.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah 20 minutes
Magalie Marcellus: It takes 20 minutes
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: That's not so bad.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Now,
Magalie Marcellus: As you say 20 miles. Is it like highway miles. I don't know anything, Ohio, so
Galaxy Tab A (2017): You know, you run into a bunch of gears is bunch of backwoods
Magalie Marcellus: Oh no lights.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): No lights, you can see
Magalie Marcellus: Ya.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's good. Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I got you and us.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): And when it's raining It's raining right now. So that makes it worse. See
Magalie Marcellus: I can imagine. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, you have to be careful out there which needs to do to stay safe. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So what I'll do, because I have a lot of new patient coming in, so I'll have to reach out at some point to see unless you feel you need to have a one on one. Right now I have to start scheduling people at a later date on task.
Magalie Marcellus: Get everybody up
Magalie Marcellus: To speed.
Magalie Marcellus: Right now retired. But if you have a crisis and you need to meet with me just reach out to virtual clinic, they'll contact me and I'll find the time to meet with you. Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Alrighty, that that'll do.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, well, all the best and take over yourself. Okay.
Galaxy Tab A (2017): Okay, you too nice meeting you.
Magalie Marcellus: Likewise, take care.
Bye bye.